Make EncodedFile.write() return the return value from inner write() (#6558)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/6557.bugfix.rst

> Make EncodedFile.write() return the return value from inner write().

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make capture output streams ``.write()`` method return the same return value from original streams.
```
